add precautionary comment to meteor_coordination (#170)
orcestra-campaign/flight_segmentation: README.md

| descent      | segments | assigned to straight legs or circles during which the aircraft altitude was decreased systematically by more than a few meters |
| ec_track     | segments | assigned to straight legs during which the aircraft followed the EarthCare track. Aircraft and EarthCare flight direction can be the same or opposite. |
| ec_underpass | events | assigned to events where the aircraft flew as close as possible under the EarthCARE satellite |

> | meteor_coordination | segments | assigned to segments during which HALO flew around or in the vicinity of the Meteor research vessel; note that in the case of long segments, this characterization may only be apt for a smaller time interval within the segment in which case further subsampling is necessary for a fair comparison of HALO and Meteor data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| meteor_coordination | segments | assigned to segments during which HALO flew around or in the vicinity of the Meteor research vessel; note that in the case of long segments, this characterization may only be apt for a smaller time interval within the segment in which case further subsampling may be done by checking for an `meteor_overpass` event. |
```
